add info about remote mcp copilot usage (#8008)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-ai/about-mcp.md

- `compile_sql`: Compiles a SQL statement in the context of the current project and environment.
- `get_column_lineage`: <Constant name="fusion" /> exclusive! Get column lineage information across a project DAG for a specific column.

:::info

> Note that Remote dbt MCP and Fusion tools rely on dbt Copilot usage limits. Most MCP tools don't consume dbt Copilot credits, however [`text_to_sql` and `execute_sql`](#sql) do count toward your dbt Copilot usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that Remote dbt MCP and Fusion tools rely on dbt <Constant name="copilot" /> usage limits. Most MCP tools don't consume dbt <Constant name="copilot" /> credits. However, [`text_to_sql` and `execute_sql`](#sql) do count toward your dbt <Constant name="copilot" /> usage.
```

> Note that Remote dbt MCP relies on dbt Copilot for authentication and usage limits. Most MCP tools don't consume dbt Copilot credits, however the [`text_to_sql` and `execute_sql`](#sql) tools are the only exception and count toward your dbt Copilot usage.

Reviewer 2: And the remote Fusion tools. cc @reneruck-dbt.

> If you reach your dbt Copilot usage limit, all tools will be blocked until your Copilot credits resets. If you'd like to increase your credits, please reach out to your account manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you reach your dbt <Constant name="copilot" /> usage limit, all tools will be blocked until your <Constant name="copilot" /> credits reset. If you'd like to increase your credits, please reach out to your account manager.
```
